I'm writing this from the depths of the London Underground system, on a Northern Line train out of the city. I've just come from several meetings regarding some forthcoming opportunities. This is the beginning of the next step of my career as a Ruby programmer.

Last Friday was my last day at "Reevoo":http://www.reevoo.com. I had been contemplating leaving for about a month when some unexpected changes at Reevoo forced my hand. In many ways I had become tired of working on the same thing week in, week out and I craved new challenges. It is with some regret however that I leave what is in my opinion (and others) the best Ruby/Rails team in the UK. I have learnt a lot over the last 18 months and much of that is due to the sheer breadth and diversity of knowledge across that team as well as everybody else at Reevoo. I have learnt how to be a better team player, I have come to appreciate pair-programming more than I ever did and I have faced the real day to day challenges of being part of an "agile" team.

As of this week, I officially enter the world of Ruby contracting. Inspired by the likes of Obie Fernandez, Jay Fields and my former colleague, James Adam, I have decided to take the plunge and fully invest in building my "brand". I have been working with Rails since almost the beginning and it has taken me nearly four years to get to this point. It's a scary prospect, leaving the comfort and safety of a regular monthly income but with hard work there is the prospect of great rewards. I look forward to working with other members of the Ruby and Rails community across a wide range of projects.

You may have noticed the new design. I'm no longer running Mephisto but am instead using a heavily modified version of "Marley":http://github.com/marley, a lightweight Sinatra app that comes with no admin interface but instead pulls blog entries from a git repository. This means I can write all of my posts offline in my "favorite text editor":http://macromates.com in an iterative fashion, stored in a local git repository and pushed to github:"http://github.com/lukeredpath/blogdata" to publish (by way of a post-commit hook). Marley is relatively new and was a bit rough around the edges but I found it a great base platform to start hacking away on (as you can see by the frequency of commits to my github fork over recent days).

I've also abandoned my old nginx/mongrel deployment setup and moved back to Apache running "Passenger":http://modrails.com - the ease with which you can configure and deploy a simple Rack-powered app like Marley (or any "Sinatra":http://sinatra.rubyforge.org based app) is astounding. No more messing around with monit and restarting mongrels for me. I've set up some mod_rewrite rules so all of the old blog post URLs should 301 redirect to the new URLs.